Update README.md (#18008)
DataDog/integrations-core: kubernetes_state_core/README.md

: The metric is not tagged with `host` anymore. It aggregates the nodes count by `kernel_version` `os_image` `container_runtime_version` `kubelet_version`.

`kubernetes_state.container.waiting` and `kubernetes_state.container.status_report.count.waiting`
`kubernetes_state.container.terminated` and `kubernetes_state.container.status_report.count.terminated`

> : These metrics no longer emit a 0 value if no pods are waiting or terminated. They only report non-zero values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: These metrics do not emit a `0` value if there are no pods waiting or terminated. They only report non-zero values.
```
